Adding VMC provider kb and adding Registering Instances to Your vCenter/VMS Provider sections (#2956)
CenturyLinkCloud/PublicKB: Cloud Application Manager/Deploying Anywhere/using-the-vmware-vcenter-private-datacenter.md

**In this article:**

> - [Overview](#overview)

Reviewer: Please, use `*` instead of `-` for all bullet points

|-------------------|-------------|
| Disks | By default, an instance gets the template disk. For more storage, increase the template disk size and add up to seven more disks.<li>You can’t remove the template disk, but you can adjust its size. Type in the new size and press enter to save changes.</li><li>To add a disk, select a datastore from available ones in the datacenter. Specify the size in gigabytes, and click **Add**. Each disk can be up to 62 TB, disk can be up to 62 TB, but if the datastore doesn’t have such capacity, the instance won’t deploy.</li><li>Note that additional disks communicate through the same controller as the template disk.</li> |

### Registering Instances to Your vCenter Provider

You can also register you exsiting instances to CAM portal. First click on **Unregistered Instances** Tab, here you can see all the exsting instances in you vCenter that you can import into your CAM portal.

Simply select one server and click on the down arrow button on the right side.
![Register a vCenter instance](../../images/cloud-application-manager/deploying-anywhere/register_to_vcnter1.png)

> Choose a name for this server and click on **Register**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Choose a name for this instance and click on **Register**
```

|-------------------|-------------|
| Disks | By default, an instance gets the template disk. For more storage, increase the template disk size and add up to seven more disks.<li>You can’t remove the template disk, but you can adjust its size. Type in the new size and press enter to save changes.</li><li>To add a disk, select a datastore from available ones in the datacenter. Specify the size in gigabytes, and click **Add**. Each disk can be up to 62 TB, disk can be up to 62 TB, but if the datastore doesn’t have such capacity, the instance won’t deploy.</li><li>Note that additional disks communicate through the same controller as the template disk.</li> |

### Registering Instances to Your vCenter Provider

You can also register you exsiting instances to CAM portal. First click on **Unregistered Instances** Tab, here you can see all the exsting instances in you vCenter that you can import into your CAM portal.

Simply select one server and click on the down arrow button on the right side.

> ![register_to_vcnter1](../../images/cloud-application-manager/deploying-anywhere/register_to_vcnter1.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![Register a vCenter instance](../../images/cloud-application-manager/deploying-anywhere/register_to_vcnter1.png)
```

Choose a name for this server and click on **Register**

> ![register_to_vcnter1](../../images/cloud-application-manager/deploying-anywhere/register_to_vcnter2.png)

Reviewer: Name instance to be registered

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![Name instance to be registered](../../images/cloud-application-manager/deploying-anywhere/register_to_vcnter2.png)
```

Connect to server and execute the script below with admin privileges.

> ![register_to_vcnter1](../../images/cloud-application-manager/deploying-anywhere/register_to_vcnter3.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![Script to register the instance](../../images/cloud-application-manager/deploying-anywhere/register_to_vcnter3.png)
```
